# 1-Excel-Homework
I have two different versions of the "Outcomes Based on Goal" bonus section of the homework.  In the first version, the "4. Bonus Q wCOUNTIFS()" worksheet (WS), I used the COUNTIFS() function to populate the requested fields on the ws.
I had difficulty getting the $ categories for the Main ws Goal column, using the pivot table row/sorting/Grouping option, to show up as they were presented in the instructions.  With a suggestion from Drew, I used a nested IF statement to get the Goal column re-expressed in corresponding fashion to the instructions.  This created the new 'goal_cat' now in column E, and produced the matching $ categories in the pivot table, but not the correct order.  Finally, I used the pivot table column sort Move option to get all the categories in the same order as the instructions.
I was interested to see if there might be a work-around for not being able (maybe my lack or knowledge!) to do an 'Insert Calculated Field' on the Count of the Outcomes fields within a pivot table.  I added three new columns on the far right of the Main WS, and used an IF statement to convert the Outcomes types in colum G into 1s.  This allowed the option to create a pivot table using the three new Main WS fields, and use the Insert Calcluations option to calculate the percentages, and subsequently a pivot line chart.  I had some difficulty getting the columns to populate, but it finally appeared to work.  Maybe too much trouble to make it worth the effort!
Hopefully I did all this properly. :)
